I've come to learn what this barbarian is all about
The visitor is not good
I'm afraid something big is going to happen today.
I heard that no one can say the agent of metaplasia
I came to learn
You Xiyi come to paint too
Do you understand us?
Words
I've always been interested
Fight with me
What are you betting on?
Bet my life on the old man's painting for decades
How many taels do you weigh?
It's a gamble
Hahahaha
How many taels do I weigh?
You can't tell if you try it.
Mere migration
How dare you provoke
At the beginning, this Westerner was so rampant
Knock him out
Go out and paint a saint
Don't you dare to compete with me?
The old man has been painting the world for decades
Why are you afraid of an ant?
Sick Man of East Asia
Who are you talking about?
Let me meet him sexy slander our country
I let him come and go
back and forth
There is no return, everyone, take it easy
Fight with the barbarians
We can accompany
Ok please